Elevate (#389)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/ELevate-testing-guide.md

cat /var/log/leapp/leapp-upgrade.log
```

### Demo Video

Check Demo of a CentOS 7.x to AlmaLinux 8.x migration using the software and data provided by the AlmaLinux ELevate Project. 

<iframe width="856" height="482" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Vzl9QxG5mvo" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

## Get Help 

> Report your feedback to [AlmaLinux Chat Migration Channel](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/migration). We're especially interested in packages left from previous OS version. This information will allow us to improve ELevate configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Report your feedback to [AlmaLinux ~Migration Channel](https://chat.almalinux.org/almalinux/channels/migration). We're especially interested in packages left from previous OS versions. This information will allow us to improve ELevate's configuration files.
```
